Adding doc for new usp indexing. (#214)
refractionPOINT/lce_doc: docs/lc_adapter.md

* `client_options.mapping.event_type_path`: indicates which component of the event represents the Event Type of the resulting event in LimaCharlie.
* `client_options.mapping.event_time_path`: indicates which component of the event represents the Event Time of the resulting event in LimaCharlie.

### Indexing
Indexing occurs in one of 3 ways:

> 1. By the built-in indexer for specific platforms like CarbonBlack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By the built-in indexer for specific platforms like Carbon Black.
```
